once upon a time there were two trolls
they saved the world pretty cute right
not to me
I'm the type of cloud that goes for this
sort of thing
Edie what poppy and branch didn't know
is their world was a lot bigger than
they thought a lot lot lot bigger there
are other kinds of trolls our ancestors
created six streams each for a different
type of music rock country techno
classical funk and piece of news honey
and daddy there's a world full of other
trolls how different can they be I'm
gonna unite the sixth string
by the end of my world tour I'm gonna
turn all the trolls into rocks on
she wants to destroy us we need to unite
the troll to save all music let's sing
them the most important songs in the
history of music this ought to be good
[Music]
I knew it who let the dogs out too far
prepare for battle
oh I can stop the feeling how are we
gonna hug our way out of this one I will
protect you no matter what
pinky promise gonna pinky
Oh pinkie promise a smooth jazz troll
getting paralyzed
[Music]